>>> I THINK THE SPEAKER IS
>>> I THINK THE SPEAKER IS RIGHT.
RIGHT. THE ONLY THING WORSE THAN
THE ONLY THING WORSE THAN PUTTING THE COUNTRY THROUGH THE
PUTTING THE COUNTRY THROUGH THE TRAUMA OF AN IMPEACHMENT IS
TRAUMA OF AN IMPEACHMENT IS PUTTING THE KUNCOUNTRY THROUGH
PUTTING THE KUNCOUNTRY THROUGH FAILED IMPEACHMENT.
FAILED IMPEACHMENT. >> ARE FELLOW HOUSE DEMOCRATS ON
>> ARE FELLOW HOUSE DEMOCRATS ON BOARD?
BOARD? HE VOTED TO ADVANCE IMPEACHMENT
HE VOTED TO ADVANCE IMPEACHMENT AND OPPOSED PELOSI’S BID FOR
AND OPPOSED PELOSI’S BID FOR SPEAKER.
SPEAKER. GOOD TO SEE YOU, SIR.
GOOD TO SEE YOU, SIR. >> GOOD TO BE BACK.
>> GOOD TO BE BACK. >> SPEAKER PELOSI SEEMED TO TAKE
>> SPEAKER PELOSI SEEMED TO TAKE IMPEACHMENT OFF THE TABLE.
IMPEACHMENT OFF THE TABLE. IS THAT WHAT YOU HEARD?
IS THAT WHAT YOU HEARD? IF NOT, WHAT DID YOU HEAR?
IF NOT, WHAT DID YOU HEAR? >> I’M NOT GOING TO SPEAK FOR
>> I’M NOT GOING TO SPEAK FOR THE SPEAKER.
THE SPEAKER. I’LL TELL YOU WHAT MY POSITION
I’LL TELL YOU WHAT MY POSITION IS CONGRESS DOES TWO THINGS.
IS CONGRESS DOES TWO THINGS. WE VOTE ON THINGS AND BEFORE WE
WE VOTE ON THINGS AND BEFORE WE DO THAT, WE SHOULD BE DEBATING
DO THAT, WE SHOULD BE DEBATING THEM.
THEM. I DO THINK THAT THERE’S AMPLE
I DO THINK THAT THERE’S AMPLE EVIDENCE OUT THERE THAT WE
EVIDENCE OUT THERE THAT WE SHOULD BE DEBATING IMPEACHMENT.
SHOULD BE DEBATING IMPEACHMENT. THAT’S WHY VOTED WITH --
THAT’S WHY VOTED WITH -- >> WHAT WOULD THAT LOOK LIKE?
>> WHAT WOULD THAT LOOK LIKE? >> THAT MEANS HOLDING HEARINGS.
>> THAT MEANS HOLDING HEARINGS. ASKING QUESTIONS.
ASKING QUESTIONS. WHAT’S GOING ON WITH THESE
WHAT’S GOING ON WITH THESE HOTELS IN RUSHSIA, THE SECURITY
HOTELS IN RUSHSIA, THE SECURITY CLEARANCES IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
CLEARANCES IN THE WHITE HOUSE. HOWEVER, I WILL SAY THAT WE
HOWEVER, I WILL SAY THAT WE SHOULDN’T HAVE A VOTE UNTIL
SHOULDN’T HAVE A VOTE UNTIL LATER, UNTIL THE MUELLER REPORT
LATER, UNTIL THE MUELLER REPORT COMES OUT.
COMES OUT. >> WHAT’S THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
>> WHAT’S THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN HAVING IT AS AN IMPEACHMENT
HAVING IT AS AN IMPEACHMENT HEARING AND AN OVERSIGHT
HEARING AND AN OVERSIGHT HEARING.
HEARING. IN SOME WAYS YOU’RE HAVING
IN SOME WAYS YOU’RE HAVING IMPEACHMENT HEARINGS WITHOUT
IMPEACHMENT HEARINGS WITHOUT CALLING THEM IMPEACHMENT.
CALLING THEM IMPEACHMENT. IS THAT FAIR?
IS THAT FAIR? >> IT’S FAIR COMMENT BUT I THINK
>> IT’S FAIR COMMENT BUT I THINK IT’S FAIR TO SIGH THERE’SAY THER
IT’S FAIR TO SIGH THERE’SAY THER GOING ONTO SAY ARE THESE HIGH
GOING ONTO SAY ARE THESE HIGH CRIMES AND MISDEMEANORS.
CRIMES AND MISDEMEANORS. WHY ARE WE SO AFRAID TO HAVE
WHY ARE WE SO AFRAID TO HAVE THAT DEBATE?
THAT DEBATE? >> I MAY THINK HE SHOULD BE
>> I MAY THINK HE SHOULD BE IMPEACHED.
IMPEACHED. I MAY THINK DEMOCRATS MAY HAVE
I MAY THINK DEMOCRATS MAY HAVE THE VOTES HERE BUT THERE AREN’T
THE VOTES HERE BUT THERE AREN’T THE VOTES ON THE REPUBLICAN
THE VOTES ON THE REPUBLICAN SIDE.
SIDE. IF YOU DON’T HAVE THE VOTES,
IF YOU DON’T HAVE THE VOTES, WHAT ARE YOU DOING.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING. IT’S THE WASTED VOTE.
IT’S THE WASTED VOTE. WHAT IS THE UNINTENDED
WHAT IS THE UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCE OF THAT THINKING.
CONSEQUENCE OF THAT THINKING. >> I THINK WE’RE TOTALLY
>> I THINK WE’RE TOTALLY UNPREPARED FOR THE POSSIBILITY
UNPREPARED FOR THE POSSIBILITY THAT THE MUELLER REPORT DOESN’T
THAT THE MUELLER REPORT DOESN’T HAVE A SMOKING GUN.
HAVE A SMOKING GUN. TO ME THIS COMES BACK TO WHAT IS
TO ME THIS COMES BACK TO WHAT IS OUR CONSTITUTIONAL
OUR CONSTITUTIONAL RESPONSIBILITY.
RESPONSIBILITY. I UNDERSTAND YOU CAN’T DIVORCE
I UNDERSTAND YOU CAN’T DIVORCE THE POLITICS FROM THIS.
THE POLITICS FROM THIS. SOMETIMES DOING THE RIGHT THING
SOMETIMES DOING THE RIGHT THING IS TAKING THE POLITICS OUT AND
IS TAKING THE POLITICS OUT AND SAYING LOOKING AT THE FACTS,
SAYING LOOKING AT THE FACTS, SHOULD WE HAVE THIS DEBATE.
SHOULD WE HAVE THIS DEBATE. I THINK IT’S CLEAR WE SHOULD.
I THINK IT’S CLEAR WE SHOULD. >> A LOT VOTERS WILL SAY I DON’T
>> A LOT VOTERS WILL SAY I DON’T LIKE THE GUY BUT WE HAVE AN
LIKE THE GUY BUT WE HAVE AN ELECTION IN 18 MONTHS, LET’S LET
ELECTION IN 18 MONTHS, LET’S LET THE VOTERS DECIDE.
THE VOTERS DECIDE. WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT?
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT? >> IT’S FAIR BUT THE
>> IT’S FAIR BUT THE CONSTITUTION DEMANDS WE HAVE A
CONSTITUTION DEMANDS WE HAVE A DEBATE WHEN THE PRESIDENT DOES
DEBATE WHEN THE PRESIDENT DOES THINGS THAT ARE ILLEGAL.
THINGS THAT ARE ILLEGAL. SOME AMERICANS MAY SAY I WANT TO
SOME AMERICANS MAY SAY I WANT TO RE-ELECT THE GUY.
RE-ELECT THE GUY. THAT’S FINE.
THAT’S FINE. WE HAVE A ROLE TO HAVE THIS
WE HAVE A ROLE TO HAVE THIS DEBATE.
DEBATE. ALL DURING THE REPUBLICAN
ALL DURING THE REPUBLICAN MAJORITY, THEY WOULD PASS BILLS
MAJORITY, THEY WOULD PASS BILLS WITHOUT HAVING A DEBATE.
WITHOUT HAVING A DEBATE. THEY PASS THE TAX BILL WITHOUT A
THEY PASS THE TAX BILL WITHOUT A SINGLE HEARING, NO DEBATE.
SINGLE HEARING, NO DEBATE. THEY TRIED TO REPEAL OBAMA CARE
THEY TRIED TO REPEAL OBAMA CARE WITHOUT ANY DEBATE ABOUT
WITHOUT ANY DEBATE ABOUT REPLACING IT WITH ANYTHING.
REPLACING IT WITH ANYTHING. LET’S NOT REPEAT THAT DEBATE.
LET’S NOT REPEAT THAT DEBATE. THAT’S OUR JOB IN CONGRESS AND
THAT’S OUR JOB IN CONGRESS AND THEN WE CAN DECIDE HOW TO VOTE.
THEN WE CAN DECIDE HOW TO VOTE. >> YOU’VE BEEN ON AGAIN, OFF
>> YOU’VE BEEN ON AGAIN, OFF AGAIN ON PRESIDENTIAL.
AGAIN ON PRESIDENTIAL. YOU SEEM TO BE BACK ON AGAIN.
YOU SEEM TO BE BACK ON AGAIN. THERE WASYOU
THERE WASYOU PULLED AWAY FROM RUNNING.
PULLED AWAY FROM RUNNING. WHERE ARE YOU?
WHERE ARE YOU? >> I HAD A DAUGHTER.
>> I HAD A DAUGHTER. I’VE NEVER BEEN A FATHER BEFORE.
I’VE NEVER BEEN A FATHER BEFORE. I SAID, I CAN’T POSSIBLY MAKE A
I SAID, I CAN’T POSSIBLY MAKE A DECISION LIKE THIS UNTIL I
DECISION LIKE THIS UNTIL I UNDERSTAND WHAT IT’S LIKE.
UNDERSTAND WHAT IT’S LIKE. >> DID YOU GET THE INSTRUCTION
>> DID YOU GET THE INSTRUCTION MANUAL?
MANUAL? MINE DIDN’T COME WITH ONE.
MINE DIDN’T COME WITH ONE. >> IT’S BEEN AMAZEING EXPERIENCE
>> IT’S BEEN AMAZEING EXPERIENCE I LOVE KIDS.
I LOVE KIDS. I WASN’T NECESSARILY A BABY GUY.
I WASN’T NECESSARILY A BABY GUY. DO YOU WANT TO HOLD THE BABY?
DO YOU WANT TO HOLD THE BABY? I MIGHT DROP IT.
I MIGHT DROP IT. I LOVE IT.
I LOVE IT. I NEEDED TO UNDERSTAND WHAT THAT
I NEEDED TO UNDERSTAND WHAT THAT WAS ALL ABOUT BEFORE I MADE A
WAS ALL ABOUT BEFORE I MADE A DECISION.
DECISION. I LIKE BEING A DAD EVEN MORE
I LIKE BEING A DAD EVEN MORE THAN I EXPECTED EVEN THOUGH SHE
THAN I EXPECTED EVEN THOUGH SHE CAN’T TALK TO ME YET.
CAN’T TALK TO ME YET. I CAN’T BELIEVE HOW MUCH I MISS
I CAN’T BELIEVE HOW MUCH I MISS HER WHEN I GO AWAY FOR FOUR DAYS
HER WHEN I GO AWAY FOR FOUR DAYS AWEEK
AWEEK A WEEK TO COME DOWN HERE.
A WEEK TO COME DOWN HERE. IT MAKES YOU THINK A LOT MORE
IT MAKES YOU THINK A LOT MORE ABOUT YOUR FUTURE AND THE WORLD
ABOUT YOUR FUTURE AND THE WORLD THAT YOU’RE LEAVING FOR HER.
THAT YOU’RE LEAVING FOR HER. >> YOU SOUND LIKE SOMEBODY THAT
>> YOU SOUND LIKE SOMEBODY THAT IS NOT RUNNING UNTIL THAT LAST
IS NOT RUNNING UNTIL THAT LAST SECOND.
SECOND. IT SOUNDED LIKE PERSONALLY, YOU
IT SOUNDED LIKE PERSONALLY, YOU DON’T WANT TO DO IT.
DON’T WANT TO DO IT. PROFESSIONALLY YOU WANT TO.
PROFESSIONALLY YOU WANT TO. >> IT’S HARD ON THE FAMILY BUT I
>> IT’S HARD ON THE FAMILY BUT I DON’T WANT MY DAUGHTER GROWING
DON’T WANT MY DAUGHTER GROWING UP IN THIS WORLD.
UP IN THIS WORLD. >> WHAT’S MISSING IN THE FIELD
>> WHAT’S MISSING IN THE FIELD THAT YOU THINK YOU CAN PROVIDE
THAT YOU THINK YOU CAN PROVIDE RIGHT NOW?
RIGHT NOW? >> THERE’S A FEW THINGS WE NEED
>> THERE’S A FEW THINGS WE NEED IN THE NEXT PRESIDENT.
IN THE NEXT PRESIDENT. FIRST OF ALL, WE NEED SOMEONE
FIRST OF ALL, WE NEED SOMEONE WHO CAN BEAT DONALD TRUMP.
WHO CAN BEAT DONALD TRUMP. SECOND, WE NEED SOMEONE WHO IS
SECOND, WE NEED SOMEONE WHO IS BRING THE COUNTRY BACK TOGETHER
BRING THE COUNTRY BACK TOGETHER AGAIN ONCE WE DO.
AGAIN ONCE WE DO. THIS COUNTRY IS SO TERRIBLY
THIS COUNTRY IS SO TERRIBLY DIVIDED.
DIVIDED. IF WE HAVE SOMEONE WHETHER IT’S
IF WE HAVE SOMEONE WHETHER IT’S FROM THE RIGHT OR THE LEFT
FROM THE RIGHT OR THE LEFT RUNNING ON THE SAME DIVISIVENESS
RUNNING ON THE SAME DIVISIVENESS THAT GOT THE PRESIDENT ELECTED
THAT GOT THE PRESIDENT ELECTED AND THE SAME DIVISIVENESS HE’S
AND THE SAME DIVISIVENESS HE’S EMPHASIZED WITH EVERY SINGLE
EMPHASIZED WITH EVERY SINGLE MOVE IN HIS FIRST TERM THEN THIS
MOVE IN HIS FIRST TERM THEN THIS COUNTRY WILL BE WORST OFF.
COUNTRY WILL BE WORST OFF. I THINK IT’S TIME FOR A NEW
I THINK IT’S TIME FOR A NEW GENERATION OF LEADERSHIP IN THIS
GENERATION OF LEADERSHIP IN THIS COUNTRY.
COUNTRY. WE HAVE PROBLEMS WE HAVE NEVER
WE HAVE PROBLEMS WE HAVE NEVER FACED BEFORE.
FACED BEFORE. THE ECONOMY IS CHANGING SO FAST.
THE ECONOMY IS CHANGING SO FAST. IT’S LEAVING A LOT OF AMERICANS
IT’S LEAVING A LOT OF AMERICANS BEHIND.
BEHIND. WHEN I WAS CAMPAIGNING FOR ALL
WHEN I WAS CAMPAIGNING FOR ALL THESE VETERAN, I WENT TO A LOT
THESE VETERAN, I WENT TO A LOT OF PLACES WHERE DEMOCRATS DON’T
OF PLACES WHERE DEMOCRATS DON’T GO.
GO. YOU SEE SO MUCH FRUSTRATION WITH
YOU SEE SO MUCH FRUSTRATION WITH WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. IT REMINDED ME OF THE
IT REMINDED ME OF THE FRUSTRATION I FELT AS A MARINE
FRUSTRATION I FELT AS A MARINE IN IRAQ WHERE WASHINGTON WAS SO
IN IRAQ WHERE WASHINGTON WAS SO OUT OF TOUCH.
OUT OF TOUCH. HAD NO IDEA WHAT WAS GOING ON
HAD NO IDEA WHAT WAS GOING ON AND WEREN’T MAKING DECISION FRSS
AND WEREN’T MAKING DECISION FRSS OUR FUTURE.
OUR FUTURE. THAT’S WHAT I HEAR OUT THERE.
THAT’S WHAT I HEAR OUT THERE. I THINK WE NEED TO REACH THOSE
I THINK WE NEED TO REACH THOSE PEOPLE AND TALK ABOUT HOW WE CAN
PEOPLE AND TALK ABOUT HOW WE CAN SUCCEED IN THE FUTURE, NOT GO
SUCCEED IN THE FUTURE, NOT GO BACK TO THE PAST LIKE THE
BACK TO THE PAST LIKE THE PRESIDENT IS TRYING TO DO.
PRESIDENT IS TRYING TO DO. >> THERE’S A COUPLE OF
>> THERE’S A COUPLE OF CANDIDATES TRYING TO FILL THAT
CANDIDATES TRYING TO FILL THAT SAME VACUUM.
SAME VACUUM. WOULD YOU CROWD THAT LANE EVEN
WOULD YOU CROWD THAT LANE EVEN MORE OR DO YOU THINK THAT NO,
MORE OR DO YOU THINK THAT NO, THAT NEEDS MORE?
THAT NEEDS MORE? >> I DON’T LOOK AT THIS AS A
>> I DON’T LOOK AT THIS AS A HORSE RACE.
HORSE RACE. THIS COMES BACK TO HOW CAN I
THIS COMES BACK TO HOW CAN I BEST SERVE THE COUNTRY.
BEST SERVE THE COUNTRY. BACK IN 2002 IT WAS GOING SPOOIN
BACK IN 2002 IT WAS GOING SPOOIN THE MARINES EVEN IN A WAR I
THE MARINES EVEN IN A WAR I DISAGREED WITH.
DISAGREED WITH. IN 2014 IT WAS TAKING ON AN
IN 2014 IT WAS TAKING ON AN INCUMBENT IN MY OWN PARTY WHO
INCUMBENT IN MY OWN PARTY WHO HAD BEEN THERE FOR 18 YEARS AND
HAD BEEN THERE FOR 18 YEARS AND ONLY PASSED ONE BILL.
ONLY PASSED ONE BILL. THAT’S HOW I WILL MAKE THE
THAT’S HOW I WILL MAKE THE DECISION HERE.
DECISION HERE. I’VE BEEN TALKING ABOUT NATIONAL
I’VE BEEN TALKING ABOUT NATIONAL SECURITY.
SECURITY. I’VE BEEN TALKING ABOUT FOREIGN
I’VE BEEN TALKING ABOUT FOREIGN POLICY.
POLICY. TALK ABOUT HOW WE HAVE TO DEAL
TALK ABOUT HOW WE HAVE TO DEAL WITH --
WITH -- >> MOST OF THE DEMOCRATS ARE IN
>> MOST OF THE DEMOCRATS ARE IN THE FIELD NOW.
THE FIELD NOW. DO YOU THINK THAT’S THE MISSING
DO YOU THINK THAT’S THE MISSING PIECE?
PIECE? >> I DON’T KNOW.
>> I DON’T KNOW. BUT I KNOW IT SHOULD BE PART OF
BUT I KNOW IT SHOULD BE PART OF THE DISCUSSION.
THE DISCUSSION. IT’S TIME FOR DEMOCRATS TO LEAD
IT’S TIME FOR DEMOCRATS TO LEAD ON NATIONAL SECURITY TOO.
ON NATIONAL SECURITY TOO. >> I KNOW THIS SOUNDS UNFAIR BUT
>> I KNOW THIS SOUNDS UNFAIR BUT THE CLOCK IS TICKING, YOU KNOW
THE CLOCK IS TICKING, YOU KNOW THAT RIGHT.
THAT RIGHT. WHEN WILL YOU MAKE A FINAL
WHEN WILL YOU MAKE A FINAL DECISION?
DECISION? >> WITHIN THE NEXT COUPLE OF MON